With you a video review from the micro site . info
today we will consider you
chinese magnetic earpiece
This is the easiest option magnetic
micro earphone which is generally available
the earphone market in russia is the most
the cheapest option you can find the most
plain
He will approach many modern
phone what he can do for
connect three and a half millimeters
this earphone is no longer powered by one
batteries from two batteries crown
power comes from 18 volts from 9 as
ordinary size
the microphone is here here
adapters well how did it survive here
I want to connect the batteries right away
note that the connector is not these
inspire confidence as such
but I think it is neat
use the earpiece will work
some time here here still here such
The connector can be made for example
connection
from here make it possible future we
make it better
premium version of this earphone with
reliable connectors well this time will tell
connect
but just want to say that the guarantee is not
Here is the breakdown of these sections because
that they are really even from their
gently disconnect then they are in principle
may eventually break here we are I
I think that everybody was holding a soldering iron
will be able to repair them but because
sale here these connectors sell all sorts
electronics stores that is principle
he i think will be ramon or fit like this
Included are two magnets three on
two millimeter extractor also if we
we will do some improved version
this earpiece then maybe we will do
so the extractor will be made
shrinking it will be convenient
keep not like here
the Chinese do it and check it
works
to the gorge of which they like the usual radio
inflicted begins to vibrate and laid
we see that the magnet vibrates
Here you can even hear the music probably das licht
and audible at the magnetic headphone
Chinese one which we produce
she is the same compared
audibility is the same for this headset
the antenna is slightly thicker and the power goes
from two batteries
what else about this one really doesn't want to
say well, his price is much lower than
even the one that we produce so
let's next time
in the middle of the battery chickens tanks also
can be here
watch no microchip all this
assembly do you now
demonstrate what's inside
neatly connect and open it yourself
amplifier block god amplifier made
microcircuit lm386 m standard such
we see microcircuit to solder with us
here is the power principle if here these
connectors you have over time
tear up then take it to a person who
able to solder and he can easily
here even solder marking
there is a battery minus battery plus then
have this earbud repairable for sure
there is nothing difficult here please do not
will help you